# Notes from meeting with Andrea (May 13th)

## Assumptions

- The name of the attributes are from a domain knowledge of the application.
- The attributes, the constraints and the context descriptors are given by the designer at design time.
- The CBR weights can change in future situations, learning from the history of previous instances.
- Rating attributes can not come from the component itself, it must come from the service that manages it or from the delegation history.
- Adjust constraint description in a more technical/implementation fashion. Done!
- Where the route is given? (In the package delivery example). Additional information is required so the component is able to estimate its CBR attributes. Those information are not possible to be fully given or predicted at design time, because they are instantiated only at runtime.
- How this is going to work?
- How to anticipate important fields?
- When the uncertainty info is used in the execution process?

## TODO List

1. Finish modelling language. Examples of instances @DT and @RT.
2. Implement component registration interface.
3. Verify if CBR is properly calculated with provided data.
4. Create simulation for many tasks/components
5. Simulate with realistic components, e.g. uber, taskrabbit, handyman, pedestrian's mobile app, etc...

## Timeline

- **13 - 18/05:** Language definition & interface implementation.
- **20 - 31/05:** Simulation in real-context
- **03/06:** Evaluation

## Possible Journals to submit

- TSE
- TAAS
